hey guys back here for part 5 I believe
and we just beat the gold Dean and we
are still um level 16 but we will be
little something soon and we are going
to straight to that Kadabra right we get
level 17 eyes got to go steal my pokemon
and i believe the round is right up here
yep see when I walk to wave too far away
from it it's still right here oh there's
level 18 cadavero I'd like to see them
fight I think the level 17 would
actually win because you know like young
guys there's a dumb girl we've um
alright whole tour you are fine i plated
you I think you beat me oh wait no you
didn't you didn't I don't know alright
so we're going to go back to the water
place I also just got some more
information for my friend that be
prepared for the grass Jim he says the
second gym because there is a huge
difference in level with the with the
pokemons there snap i can't get up here
he says there's only one Pokemon again
but there's a huge difference in level
and he says keep your eyes out for the
trapdoors so we already know where the
trapdoor is because we found it the
first time in the first video a second
video I don't know I forget first or
second floor we found the trap door but
there was nothing in it but you know I
can't wait oh where am I going the right
way don't doubt yourself don't doubt
myself not for one second all right
Metapod you're all mine you are mine I
own you I unka dabber to
all right you're a little squirmy little
fellow aren't you great that sucks oh
you're stuck huh oh no you're not you
just put on a one-block I thought you
fell out like a five-block Wow sorry
guys about that um stay still Lucy still
quiet little baby oh my gosh your idiot
darn everyone sneak up on him like
you're worse than a bro and that was
pretty bad like he sucks yes yes we were
gonna fight we're gonna kill him he's
not gonna get one attack on us yeah turn
Pikachu all right
piggy Oh a Pidgey yoto we're fighting
we're gonna fight um Thunder sure you're
one more level than me oh i can't i'm
still in one shot oh man you were on
fire today Pikachu but I want you to
learn another move you're really getting
kind of old I'm never really a
thundershock though i'll give you
Thunder stuck forever alright avril
you're all mine oops oops I didn't mean
to do that I'm sorry sorry general
Daniel you're online to catch down there
I'm gonna have to use quick attack to
Kadabra use disabled and Pikachu you're
just able P to go on I think that means
i can't even use that move anymore which
I don't want to try oh my accuracy was
increased your tricky Debra think it's
so smart using your psychic moves could
never use telephone Pikachu you'd even
teleport your baby Cadabra and that's
why you're all mine you're all mine oh
man i'm blazin now man it's like six
battles i won in a row and I'm about to
get my first not pokemon that is not um
what's it called not big achill yes I
gotta Kadabra awesome that rocks
alright guys so as you can see we have
or Kadabra and our Pikachu there's our
Pikachu and I'll show you our Cadabra uh
yeah you just press it up the
parentheses button that brings out your
Kedavra there he is he's awesome all
right Brenda go we're going to go to the
razor gym now and like my friend said be
prepared while I am prepared I have a
little 18 in all of 17 and I'm not so
prepare with my a bro I mean he doesn't
know any moves except teleport and and
all that crap but you know I can go buy
some teams and hm's at the pokey pokey
mart actually I can't because I don't
have any money to use yet oh wow what is
that that's like that one Pokemon
flipped upside down cool electrode don't
32 oh cool Wow I think what really
helped us was that level 24 goldene we
faced we killed him a one-shot that was
like the an easy fight